Day four of making Pixel Brawl.
Yesterday he was beating up a dummy.
Today the dummy fights back. [music]
This whole thing is being built with AI.
Claude handles the code. Pixel Lab makes
the art. And Ray runs the game. We've
got movement animations, hitboxes,
[music]
knockback, and health. Now it's time for
brains. I told Claude to use the Pixel
[music] Lab MCP to make two new
animations for the NPC. a walk cycle and
a lead jab, both east and west, and
import them to the [music] game. Then I
told Claude to give him a simple AI.
Walk toward the player, punch when
close, [music] and back off when hit.
Now they both attack, trade hits, and
lose health. Whoever drops first gets
[music] knocked out. It finally feels
like a real match. So that's day four.
Two fighters, [music] real AI, and
actual combat flow. The foundation's
here. What should we build next?